README.md, before:

# Lighting-Diagram
Assets to generate lighting diagrams and setups.

This repo is created for all of us to have some svg assets to create lighting diagrams with.  This was prompted by community member Eric Mesa.

## Assets

I think a list of useful assets would be helpful for those wanting to contribute something.  A first take:

* Cameras
    * DSLR
    * Mirrorless
    * MF
* Strobes
    * Speedlight
    * Monoblock
* Lighting Modifiers
    * Softbox (+ grid?)
    * Umbrella (+ grid?)
    * Octabox (+ grid?)
    * Brolly
* Reflectors
* Flags
* Barn Doors / Gobo
* Light stands? (C-Stands?)
* Environmental
    * Chairs
    * Stools
    * Boxes
    * Backgrounds (+ stands)
* Models


## Format
For maximum compatibility and scalability create the components as scalable vector graphics (SVG) in [Inkscape][]. This will let all users scale them as needed for their output.

[Inkscape]: https://inskscape.org

Possibly put each unique asset in it's own svg file right now?  This should facilitate drag-and-drop into Inkscape for inclusion quickly and easily.

Commit message:

Added license details to README

README.md, after:

# Lighting-Diagram
Assets to generate lighting diagrams and setups.

There are no Free/Libre resources for creating photographic lighting diagrams available.  This repo is an attempt to rectify that.  All of the assets hosted here are available under a [Creative Commons, Attribution-ShareAlike](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license.

This was prompted by community member Eric Mesa.

## Assets

I think a list of useful assets would be helpful for those wanting to contribute something.  A first take:

* Cameras
    * DSLR
    * Mirrorless
    * MF
* Strobes
    * Speedlight
    * Monoblock
* Lighting Modifiers
    * Softbox (+ grid?)
    * Umbrella (+ grid?)
    * Octabox (+ grid?)
    * Brolly
* Reflectors
* Flags
* Barn Doors / Gobo
* Light stands? (C-Stands?)
* Environmental
    * Chairs
    * Stools
    * Boxes
    * Backgrounds (+ stands)
* Models


## Format
For maximum compatibility and scalability create the components as scalable vector graphics (SVG) in [Inkscape][]. This will let all users scale them as needed for their output.

[Inkscape]: https://inskscape.org

Possibly put each unique asset in it's own svg file right now?  This should facilitate drag-and-drop into Inkscape for inclusion quickly and easily.
